ReadMe.md, before:

# Project 1 

## Idea - 15 Puzzle

## Overview
A fifteen puzzle is a simple puzzle game. The goal is to get the numbered tiles in order from 1-15.

## Wireframes / Screenshots
Upon Page Load
![Page Load](assets/Page%20Load.png)

Expected changes during gameplay
![During Game](assets/During%20Game.png)
Upon Completion

![Upon Completion](assets/Upon%20Completion.png)

After Game + Restart
![After Game](assets/After%20Game.png)

## User Stories
- choose when to start
- click on the square to move it
- count number of moves
- play again button
- hover effect to identify which piece I'm about to move
- Bonus: audio chime upon completion (extra: different sound for new lowest amount of moves)
- Bonus: save and compare against lowest number of moves
- Bonus: click to move 2/3 squares (entire column/row moves)
- Bonus: Visual Movement instead of instant swaps
- Bonus: dark mode / light mode
- Bonus: have a timer + save fastest time
- Bonus: use a (random?) image + fill in blank spot when puzzle is completed
- Bonus: choose which solve counts (reverse, odds on top, evens on top, columns)

## Plan of Attack
- build 3/3 board - Done
- "remove" 1 piece and maintain grid - Done (done by assigning a class 'empty' to the piece)
- build piece movement - in progress 
- //Need event listener(Done, console logged out)
- //and a function to "move" the piece (is it better to split the code between multiple functions?)
- //
- expand to 4x4
- get shuffle/starting placement to work
- get move count to work
- get restart/shuffle button working
- build check win
- build save best move count
- get hover effect on piece - Done
- any bonuses listed in User Stories I can get in time for turn in.

Commit message:

updates progress, evt listeners and related functions

ReadMe.md, after:

# Project 1 

## Idea - 15 Puzzle

## Overview
A fifteen puzzle is a simple puzzle game. The goal is to get the numbered tiles in order from 1-15.

## Wireframes / Screenshots
Upon Page Load
![Page Load](assets/Page%20Load.png)

Expected changes during gameplay
![During Game](assets/During%20Game.png)
Upon Completion

![Upon Completion](assets/Upon%20Completion.png)

After Game + Restart
![After Game](assets/After%20Game.png)

## User Stories
- choose when to start
- click on the square to move it
- count number of moves
- play again button
- hover effect to identify which piece I'm about to move
- Bonus: audio chime upon completion (extra: different sound for new lowest amount of moves)
- Bonus: save and compare against lowest number of moves
- Bonus: click to move 2/3 squares (entire column/row moves)
- Bonus: Visual Movement instead of instant swaps
- Bonus: dark mode / light mode
- Bonus: have a timer + save fastest time
- Bonus: use a (random?) image + fill in blank spot when puzzle is completed
- Bonus: choose which solve counts (reverse, odds on top, evens on top, columns)

## Plan of Attack
- build 3/3 board - Done
- "remove" 1 piece and maintain grid - Done (done by assigning a class 'empty' to the piece)
- build piece movement - in progress 
- //Need event listener(Done, console logged out)
- //and a function to "move" the piece (is it better to split the code between multiple functions?)
- //
- expand to 4x4
- get shuffle/starting placement to work
- get move count to work
- get restart/shuffle button working - in progress
- // event listener built and working
- build check win
- build save best move count
- get hover effect on piece - Done
- any bonuses listed in User Stories I can get in time for turn in.
